<h1>Privacy Policy</h1>
<p>This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.</p>
<p>We do not use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.</p>

<ul>
<li>
<p>This app does not ask to create account</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Application</strong> refers to Calculator, the software program provided by the owner.</p>
</li>

<li>
<p><strong>Device</strong> means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Personal Data</strong> is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Service</strong> refers to the Application.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Service Provider</strong> means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Usage Data</strong> refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>You</strong> means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2>Collecting and Using Your Personal Data</h2>
<h3>Types of Data Collected</h3>
<p>No Personal data is collected like phone numbers,contacts,messages.</p>
<h4>Usage Data</h4>
<p>Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.</p>
<p>Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address).</p>
<p>When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device details,  Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use and other diagnostic data.</p>
<p>The Company may use  Data for the following purposes:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>To provide and maintain our Service</strong>, including to monitor the usage of our Service.</p>
</li>
<p>Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone</p>

<p>We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.</p>
<h2>Changes to this Privacy Policy</h2>
<p>We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.</p>
<p>You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.</p>
<h2>Contact Us</h2>
<p>If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:</p>
<ul>
<li>By email: hitesh.nandoriya67@gmail.com</li>
</ul>
